Added foreach function (#3318)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/tables/terms/foreach/foreach.md

> ---
> Title: 'foreach() Function'
> Description: 'The foreach() function is a programming construct that iterates through the elements of a provided table or collection, using a specified callback function to perform operations on each element'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Web Development'
> Tags:
>   - 'Javascript'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'introduction-to-javascript'
> - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'foreach()'
Description: 'Iterates through the elements of a provided table or collection, using a specified callback function to perform operations on each element'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Tables'
  - 'Arrays'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```
The metadata had a number of issues that I corrected. Most important is this entry has nothing to do with JavaScript.

> 
> ## foreach() Function
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Entries do not have a title header. The title in the metadata takes care of that.

The `foreach()` function is a programming construct that iterates through the elements of a provided table or collection, using a specified callback function to perform operations on each element. During each iteration, the callback function is invoked and passed two parameters: the index (or key) and the value associated with the current element in the table.

### Syntax  
```
foreach(table, callback)
```
### Example

> Let's consider a practical example of using the `foreach()` function in Lua, a popular programming language. In this example, we have a table containing the names of fruits, and we want to print each fruit name along with its index in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example is a table containing the names of fruits, and it will use `.foreach()` to print each fruit name along with its index in the table.
```
We avoid first and second-person pronouns in docs.

```lua
-- Define a table of fruits
fruits = {"apple", "banana", "cherry", "date", "elderberry"}

-- Define a callback function to print each element with its index
function printFruit(index, value)
    print("Fruit at index " .. index .. ": " .. value)
end

-- Use the `foreach()` function to iterate through the table

> foreach(fruits, printFruit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table.foreach(fruits, printFruit)
```

```

> **Output:**
> 
> Fruit at index 1: apple
> Fruit at index 2: banana
> Fruit at index 3: cherry
> Fruit at index 4: date
> Fruit at index 5: elderberry

Reviewer: ````suggestion

This example results in the following output:

```shell
Fruit at index 1: apple
Fruit at index 2: banana
Fruit at index 3: cherry
Fruit at index 4: date
Fruit at index 5: elderberry
```
````

---
Title: 'foreach()'
Description: 'Iterates through the elements of a provided table or collection, using a specified callback function to perform operations on each element'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

> 	  - 'Tables'
> 	  - 'Arrays'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Tables'
  - 'Arrays'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The `foreach()` function is a programming construct that iterates through the elements of a provided table or collection, using a specified callback function to perform operations on each element. During each iteration, the callback function is invoked and passed two parameters: the index (or key) and the value associated with the current element in the table.

> ### Syntax  
> ```
> foreach(table, callback)
> ```
> ### Example

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Syntax 
 
```pseudo
foreach(table, callback)
```

### Example
````
Also, add a sentence after the syntax explaining what `table` and `callback` are.

In this example is a table containing the names of fruits, and it will use `.foreach()` to print each fruit name along with its index in the table.

```lua
-- Define a table of fruits
fruits = {"apple", "banana", "cherry", "date", "elderberry"}

-- Define a callback function to print each element with its index
function printFruit(index, value)
    print("Fruit at index " .. index .. ": " .. value)
end

-- Use the `foreach()` function to iterate through the table
table.foreach(fruits, printFruit)

```

This example results in the following output:
	

> 	```shell
> 	Fruit at index 1: apple
> 	Fruit at index 2: banana
> 	Fruit at index 3: cherry
> 	Fruit at index 4: date
> 	Fruit at index 5: elderberry
> 	```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
Fruit at index 1: apple
Fruit at index 2: banana
Fruit at index 3: cherry
Fruit at index 4: date
Fruit at index 5: elderberry
```
````
